Create rule S6302: Having AWS policies that grant all privileges is security-sensitive (#153)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6302/ask-yourself.adoc

== Ask Yourself Whether

> The permissive policy granting all actions (*) for identities doesn't match:
> 
> * the permissions required for identities to perform only their intented function.
> * the activity of identities that have been monitored.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A permissive policy grants actions (*) identities and

* it only require a subset of these permissions to perform the intended function.
* the monitored activity show that the the identities only use of subset of these permissions in practice.
```
